# K&R C #

The exercises and examples are taken from a copy of the second edition
of the classic C programming book, Kernighan and Ritchie's _The C
Programming Language_. From its first edition in 1978 to the mid 1990's,
this was the go-to book to learn the C language. It is one of the
most densely packed programming language books with its 260 pages
covering as much material as multiple tomes in other series. 

The C language covered in the book is the ANSI C standard which had been
finalized around 1989. The C language was originally meant to help
program operating systems and system tools on systems where typing was
via teletype and cost dollars per minute of code time. As such the
language valued succinct typing over verbosity and many of the examples
will use 1 letter variables or other shortcuts. Also the language is
notorious for allowing the programmer to shoot themselves in the foot
repeatedly.

The standard has gone through several updates with it currently being
based on the '2018 C17' or the soon to be finalized '2024 C23'. What is
considered 'safe' programming has changed a lot since the 1970's. My
hope is to improve the original examples to use what are considered
'good' habits these days.

# The C Answer Book #

The original C book was meant to be a text book for schools and
programmers to learn the C language, but it did not come with many
'answers' for the problems as listed. The answers were instead in a
different book, _The C Answer Book_ written by Clovis Tondo and Scott
Gimpel. 

This books examples are in the same vein as the K&R. Variable names are
short, comments are barely existant, and the code may be 'obtuse'. That
said, the answers will give multiple different versions depending on
what a student may have covered already.


## Library of Congress Data

Kernighan, Brian W. and Ritchie, Dennis W.
	_The C Programming Language_. 2nd edition
	Copyright 1988 by Bell Telephone Laboratories
	Prentice Hall, Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey 07632
	QA 76.73.C15K47 1988

Tondo, Clovis L and Gimpel, Scott E
	_The C Answer Book_. 2nd edition
	Copyright 1988 
	Prentice Hall, Upper Saddle River, New Jersey 07458
	QA 76.73.C15K47 1988 suppl.
